1. Did you use a single message identifier for all message types in your system, or different one for each type of message? Why? 
    I used a single message identifier for every message. This made it easy to identify where the messages were comming from and
    have a consistant way to view the data in the system.

2. Did you have to change how your seen messages worked? Why or why not? 
    I did have to make my seen messages send my current threshold state alongisde the temperature store state. This allowed me to
    quickly communicate to my peers what I already knew and didn't know.

3. How did the state-oriented CRDT we used for Lab 8 differ from the operation-oriented CRDT we used in this lab?
    Before we would just send our state and call it good. Now each pico directly changes the state of the other picos around it.

4. Is it possible for a node to issue two positive threshold violation messages (i.e. value = 1) without an intervening negative 
threshold violation messages (i.e. value = -1)? Justify your analysis. What are the consequences of such a scenario? 
    That would not be possible with the current impliementation of my system. This is because I've programmed it to only allow one
    positive up, and then zero gets added each time untill a negative bump down comes on a non threshold violation reading. If the
    system was not programmed this way then the whole system could end up with different values and never reach a consensus.

5. How does gossip messaging combined with CRDT compare with Paxos? Consider the threshold counter we implemented for this lab. 
How would it be different if you tried to use Paxos to implement it? 
    I think CRDT tryies to achieve consensus independently. Where Paxios would require each pico to strictly share an absolute
    value to eachother.

6. How does gossip messaging combined with CRDT compare with Byzantine consensus (like in a blockchain)? 
    I think that blockchain allows others in the network to know what the current node's values are, but not modify them. 
    CRDT (least as I understand it) allowes for a node to modify a different nodes state.